---
title: "A Study Regarding Machine Unlearning on Facial Attribute Data"
collection: publications
category: conferences
permalink: /publication/face-unlearning
excerpt: 'Machine learning (ML) models require large amounts of data and many of the stored data is used to train ML models. However, the ML models learn insights about the data during their training and this raises privacy concerns of the individuals regarding personal data. These concerns led to the introduction of legislation focusing on the “right to be forgotten” and machine unlearning has emerged to address these concerns. Although machine unlearning studies focus on data privacy issues generally, machine unlearning is also used to fix the mistrained machine learning models as well. Mistraining may occur due to problems in the data such as mislabeling. Machine unlearning can solve this problem by discarding the information regarding the problematic data. In this study, the effects of machine unlearning on facial attribute classification are discovered. Experimental results on CelebA dataset show the effectiveness of machine unlearning methods. The code repository can be accessed at https://github.com/ituvisionlab/face-attribute-unlearning.'
date: 2024-04-22
venue: '2024 IEEE 18th International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (FG)'
slidesurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/slides2.pdf'
paperurl: 'https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/iel8/10581880/10581860/10581972.pdf'
citation: 'Gündoğdu, E., Unal, A., & Unal, G. (2024, May). A Study Regarding Machine Unlearning on Facial Attribute Data. In 2024 IEEE 18th International Conference on Automatic Face and Gesture Recognition (FG) (pp. 1-5). IEEE.'
---

The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.
